Add license-tool (#66)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-sdk: license-tool/README.md

# Bottlerocket's license-tool helper
There are cases where multiple licenses could apply to a package in the main bottlerocket repo, depending on who will distribute the software (a final user vs a corporate).

> For such packages, the users should have the ability to chose what license they want to use for a package with multiple distribution licenses, without hardcoding this information in the RPM recepies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For such packages, the users should have the ability to choose what license they want to use for a package with multiple distribution licenses, without hardcoding this information in the RPM recipes.
```

The **license-tool** helper can be used to select the licenses that will apply to a set of packages.

> The tool provides commands to retrieve the licenses' spdxid and files paths, which are used in the RPM spec recipies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool provides commands to retrieve the licenses' SPDX id and file paths, which are used in the RPM spec recipes.
```

The Bottlerocket build system uses this helper to let users select the license that best applies to them, for some of the third-party packages distributed in the base image.

## Use in the Bottlerocket build system
The Bottlerocket build system calls `bottlerocket-license-tool fetch` to create a local copy of the licenses files, before the packages builds begin.
In the spec file of a package with multiple distribution licenses, `bottlerocket-license-tool` is called with the `spdx-id` and `path` commands to fetch the license's SDPX id and file path.

> For example, a RPM spec recipie could have:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a RPM spec recipe could have:
```

```rpm-spec
%global spdx_id %(bottlerocket-license-tool -l Licenses.toml spdx-id -p package)
%global license_file %(bottlerocket-license-tool -l Licenses.toml path -p package -s ./licenses)

# ...

%package my-package
License: %{spdx_id}

# ...

%files my-package
%license %{license_file}
```

## Licenses file example

```toml

> [my-pacakge]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[my-package]
```

spdx-id = "SPDX-ID AND SPDX-ID-2" # Package with multiple licenses
licenses = [
  { license-url = "file:///path/to/spdx-id-license.txt" }, # This file is copied from a file system

>   { license-url = "https://www.cool-licenses.com/spdx-id-license-v2.txt", path = "spdx-id-license-2.txt" } # This file is fetch from an https endpoint

Reviewer 2: Maybe use an example domain so that we don't end up linking to a bad site:
```suggestion
  { license-url = "https://localhost/spdx-id-license-v2.txt", path = "spdx-id-license-2.txt" } # This file is fetch from an https endpoint
```

Reviewer 2: Will it do the right thing if the path is not specified - use the remote file name as determined from the URL?

Author: Yes, I'll add some comments to make that clear. If `path` is omitted, the file name will be determined from the URL.
